For some people to come to this place to sell
intermittent
Since you are so short of money
It's better to sell to them than to sell to me
I still look at the diligence of the night
Give you a good price.
Huo Zeyuan, don't forget
Lin Chenxi is your fiancee
You thought I was asking you to be a father
You don't deserve to see blood
Since I believe in your identity
Only worthy to be my friend
How much do you pay me?
How much do you want?
Count lightly
At least 1 million
For a miracle
You can do anything 1 million
Kenshin
You are more greedy than I thought
1 million I'll get someone to call your account
From now on
You are my servant
on call
OK
Dr. Yang, I... I have enough 1 million
Could you please schedule the surgery ASAP?
Miss Ji, I'm so sorry.
It's no use paying the deposit now.
The doctor's hand is injured
The surgery can only be done when his injury heals
I'm in the hospital now.
Why are you in the hospital?
Cut the crap
Come quickly